# Changesets

Hello and welcome! This folder has been automatically generated by `@changesets/cli`, a build tool that works
with multi-package repos, or single-package repos to help you version and publish your code. You can
find the full documentation for it [in our repository](https://github.com/changesets/changesets)

We have a quick list of common questions to get you started engaging with this project in
[our documentation](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/common-questions.md)


## Adding changesets

```shell
npx changeset
```


## Versioning and publishing

Once you decide you want to do a release, you can run

```shell
npx changeset version
```

This consumes all changesets, and updates to the most appropriate semver version based on those changesets. It also writes changelog entries for each consumed changeset.

We recommend at this step reviewing both the changelog entries and the version changes for packages. Once you are confident that these are correct, and have made any necessary tweaks to changelogs, you can publish your packages:

```shell
npx changeset publish
```

This will run npm publish in each package that is of a later version than the one currently listed on npm.


## Some handy advice

### Not every change requires a changeset

Since changesets are focused on releases and changelogs, changes to your repository that don't require these won't need a changeset. As such, we recommend not adding a blocking element to contributions in the absence of a changeset.